Format code (#890)
Ebazhanov/in-quiz-questions: c++/c++-quiz.md

## C++ LinkedIn Assesment Questions Answers

#### Q1. What is printed from this code?

>     vector<int> v(22);
>     bool b= (v[6]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
    vector<int> v(22);
    bool b= (v[6]);
    ```
```

    - []intf("%d",!b);

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    - [] .

#### Q9. Which of the following shows the contents of vector pointed by v1 and v2 after running this code?
<pre>std:: vector<int> *v1 = new std:: vector<int> ({1,2,3});
std:: vector<int> *v2;
v2=v1;
v1->push_back(4);
v2->push_back(5);

- [] *v1:{1,2,3,4};
   *v2:{5};
- [] *v1:{1,2,3,4'5};
   *v2:{1,2,3,4,5};
- [x] Error
- [] *v1:{1,2,3,4};
   *v2:{1,2,3,5};
</pre>

#### Q10. Which of the following is not a difference between a class and a struct?
- []re>a) Because structor are part of the c programming language there some complexity between c and c++ struct This is not the case with classes.
- [] Classes may have member function;struct private.
- [x] The default acces specifier for members of struct is public, where as for member of class , it is private. -> You can see the answer [here](https://www.fluentcpp.com/2017/06/13/the-real-difference-between-struct-class/)
- [] Template type parameters can be declared with , but not with the struct keyword.
</pre>
#### Q11. Suppose you need to keep a data struct with permission to access some resource base on the days of week , but you can't be use a bool variable for each day.you need to use one bit per day of the week.

> which of the following is a correct implementation of a structure with bit fields for this application?

Reviewer: this text should be formatted in bold

#### Q14. What is a class template?

    - [x] It's a class written with the generic programming , specifying behavior in terms of type parameter rather than specific type.
    - [] It's a blank superclass intended for inheritence and polymorphism.
    - [] It's class that only consists of member variable , with no constructor , destructor nor member functions.
    - [] It's skelton source code for a class where the programming has to fill in specific parts to define the data types and algorithms used.

#### Q15. What is the ternary operator equivalent to this code snippet?

    if(x)
    y=a;
    else
    y=b;

    - [] y=a?b:x;
    - [] y=if(x?a:- [];
    - [] y=(x&a)?a:(x&b)?b:0;
    - [x] y=x?a:b;

#### Q16. What is the output of this code? What is the output of this code?

    #include <iostream>
    int main()
    {
    	int x=10, y=20;
    	std::cout << "x = " << x++ << " and y = " << --y << std::endl;
    	std::cout << "x = " << x-- << " and y = " << ++y << std::endl;
    	return(0);
    }

    - [] x = 10 and y = 20 x = 11 and y = 19
    - [] x = 11 and y = 19 x = 10 and y = 20
    - [x] x = 10 and y = 19 x = 11 and y = 20
    - [] x = 11 and y = 20 x = 10 and y = 19

> #### Q.17 What is the meaning of the two parts specified between parentheses in a range-based for loop, separated by a colon?What is the meaning of the two parts specified between parentheses in a range-based for loop, separated by a colon?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Q17. What is the meaning of the two parts specified between parentheses in a range-based for loop, separated by a colon?What is the meaning of the two parts specified between parentheses in a range-based for loop, separated by a colon?
```

Author: no problem, I will do it: Instead of Q.17, I do Q17.

Reviewer: sorry, I just noticed that it was not originally, but would be great if you can improve it! Thank you in advance, Timo!

    - [] The first is a variable declaration that will hold an element in a sequence. The second is the sequence to traverse.
	
    - [] The first is an iterator, and the second is the increment value to be added to the iterator. The first is an iterator, and the second is the increment value to be added to the iterator.

    - [] The first is the iterating variable. The second is an std::pair that specifies the range (start and end) in which the variable will iterate.The first is the iterating variable. The second is an std::pair that specifies the range (start and end) in which the variable will iterate.

    - []The first is a container object. The second is an std::pair that specifies the range (start and en- [] in which the elements will be accessed within the loop.The first is a container object. The second is an std::pair that specifies the range (start and en- [] in which the elements will be accessed within the loop.

> #### Q.18 What is the output of this piece of code? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Q18. What is the output of this piece of code? 
```

<pre>
int8_t a=200;
uint8_t b=100;
- [](a>b) {
std::cout<<"greater";
else std::cout<<"less";
}

- [x]There is no output because there is an exception when comparing an int8_t with a uint8t.There is no output because there is an exception when comparing an null with a 	 null.
- []greaternull
- []lessnull
- []There is no output because there is a compiler error.There is no output because there is a compiler error.
</pre>

> #### Q.19 What results from executing this code snippet? What results from executing this code snippet?<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Q19. What results from executing this code snippet? What results from executing this code snippet?<br/>
```
